Syrus: JADEN?!
Hassleberry:
FRONT AND CENTER!
Both: YOUR BEST FRIEND'S
LOOKIN' FOR YOU!
TELL HIM IT'S ME, JAY!
YEAH! LET HALF-PINT HERE KNOW
THAT I'M YOUR NUMBER ONE!
REMEMBER ALL
OUR GOOD TIMES, JADEN?
YA KNOW, LIKE FIGHTING
SHADOW RIDERS,
AND, WELL MAYBE
THAT WASN'T SO GOOD,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN!
JADEN'S MY WINGMAN!
GOT THAT, TWERP?
OH, YEAH?!
WELL, WHO'S KNOWN
HIM LONGER, HUH?
IF YOU COULD COUNT, YOU'D
KNOW IT'S ME BY A YEAR!
AND YOU'RE JUST
A DUMB ROOKIE!
AAH!
TAKE THAT
BACK! GRR!
NEED I REMIND YOU
TWO JADEN'S LOST!
WELL, HE STARTED IT!
DID NOT!
TATTLETALE.
DEEP BREATH. HAVE YOU
EVEN STARTED LOOKING?
UH! GUYS!
WE'RE SEARCHING FOR OUR
FRIEND, NOT A HAMSTER.
Chazz: YOU FOOLS WILL
NEVER FIND JADEN!
HAVEN'T YOU HEARD
THE GOOD NEWS?
HE'S GIVEN UP DUELING!
YOU KNOW WHY?
'CAUSE HE REFUSED TO EMBRACE
THE FUNDAMENTAL TRUTHS
OF HIS OWN DESTINY!
IN OTHER WORDS
JADEN DIDN'T SEE THE LIGHT,
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
HE'S FINALLY GONE AWOL.
NOT ME. MAYBE JADEN!
AFTER ALL, HE LEFT
THE ISLAND YESTERDAY!
THAT LOSER'S PROBABLY
LOST AT SEA BY NOW!
HA HA HA!
WHOA!
HE FINALLY
WENT OFF
THE DEEP END.
AAH! YOU'LL SEE.
YOU'LL ALL SEE.
THE LIGHT IS
THE ANSWER!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Sartorius, thinking: HOW COULD
JADEN'S SOUL HAVE ELUDED ME?
ONLY THE CARDS
CAN EXPLAIN IT.
STRANGE. THIS CARD
HAS FALLEN ON A DIAGONAL.
THE REAPER OF SOULS.
WHEN UPSIDE-DOWN,
IT INDICATES A REBIRTH.
WHEN RIGHT-SIDE UP,
IT SIGNIFIES DESTRUCTION.
BUT THIS POINTED
IN NEITHER DIRECTION.
WHAT COULD THIS MEAN?
WHY DIDN'T I PACK A FEW
SNACKS BEFORE I RAN AWAY?
I WISH...
THINGS COULD BE LIKE
THEY WERE LAST YEAR...
BACK WHEN I COULD
STILL SEE MY CARDS...
BACK WHEN LOSING A DUEL
DIDN'T MEAN LOSING YOUR MIND...
BACK WHEN I STILL
HAD THE WILL TO DUEL.
BUT THAT'S ALL IN THE PAST.
WHAT AM I SUPPOSED TO DO NOW?
HEY, UP THERE!
HOW ABOUT GIVIN' ME A SIGN!
SHOULD I GIVE UP OR DUEL AGAIN?
TELL ME.
A SHOOTING STAR?
THAT'S A GREAT SIGN!
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS FIGURE OUT WHAT IT MEANS.
OH! UH, I CHANGED MY MIND!
I DON'T WANT A SIGN!
[YELLING]
WHERE AM I?
CHECK IT OUT!
MONSTERS FROM
ALL MY OLD DUELS!
Alexis: YOU CAN'T
LEAVE US, JAY!
Syrus: JAY,
WE STILL NEED YOU!
Bastion: YOU HAVE
A GREATER PURPOSE, JADEN!
Zane: JADEN,
YOUR BIGGEST
TEST IS YET TO COME!
[ECHOING LAUGHTER]
AAH!
GUESS I FLOATED BACK
TO ACADEMY ISLAND.
UGH! OR NOT.
BREATHE DEEP, JADEN.
THIS IS ALL JUST A DREAM.
YEAH, THAT'S IT.
A SUPER REALISTIC DREAM.
COULDN'T I HAVE
DREAMED MYSELF
INTO A FAST-FOOD
JOINT OR SOMETHING?
HOLD ON! THIS WHOLE
THING CAN'T BE A DREAM!
'CAUSE TO DO THAT,
I'D ACTUALLY HAVE
TO FALL ASLEEP.
HMM...
OH, UNLESS
THAT SHOOTING STAR DID HIT ME
AND NOW I'VE BIT THE DUST!
OH! WOW. TALK ABOUT
YOUR MAJOR BUMMERS!
OK. CALM DOWN.
SO THIS IS
THE GREAT BEYOND, HAH?
OH, GREAT! JUST PERFECT!
I FORGOT MY SWIMSUIT!
WELL, THEY BETTER HAVE
CABLE UP HERE!
DON'T YOU REALIZE
TELEVISION ROTS
YOUR BRAIN?
THAT'S WEIRD.
THERE'S NOTHING HERE
BUT BIRDS AND DOLPHINS.
HEY, FISH BREATH,
CAN YOU TALK?
OF COURSE. DOES
THAT SURPRISE YOU?
IT FIGURES. I'M
IN DOLPHIN HEAVEN.
NO. BUT NOT
A BAD GUESS,
FOR AN APE, THAT IS.
AND A PARTICULARLY
HAIRLESS PRIMATE
AT THAT.
A DOLPHIN WITH LEGS?!
WAIT. SO IS THAT WHERE
FISH STICKS COME FROM?
HEE HEE! FISH STICKS.
DON'T YOU GET IT?!
YES. IT JUST
WASN'T THAT FUNNY.
NOW, I'M WHAT YOU'D
CALL A SUPER EVOLVED
NEO-SPACIAN AQUA DOLPHIN.
BUT YOU MAY CALL
ME AQUOS.
ALL RIGHT.
AFTERLIFE,
THAT I CAN HANDLE!
BUT ALIEN
DOLPHINS, NO WAY!
WELL, AT LEAST
WE TAKE BATHS.
NOW, THEN SHALL I
TELL YOU WHY YOU'RE HERE?
SURE. IT CAN'T
GET MUCH WORSE!
JADEN, THE UNIVERSE
IS IN DANGER.
FOR IN ALL THINGS,
THERE EXISTS
NEO-SPACE: A BALANCE--
EARTH AND AIR,
LIGHT AND DARKNESS.
WITHOUT ONE, THE OTHER
CANNOT SURVIVE.
LIKE FRIES
AND KETCHUP?
AND KETCHUP.
BUT NOW THE BALANCE
HAS TIPPED
AND WE NEED YOU!
WHO? ME?
YES, YOU!
THAT'S GREAT.
BUT THIS ISN'T
REALLY A GOOD TIME.
SO GOOD LUCK
WITH ALL THAT!
PLEASE HEAR ME OUT.
JADEN, THERE'S AN
ORGANIZATION THAT'S CALLED
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
AND THESE HUMANS ARE
DESTROYING THE DARKNESS,
THUS DESTROYING
THE BALANCE.
SO WHAT?
"SO WHAT"?
JADEN, LOOK,
DID YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT I SAID BEFORE?
NOT REALLY.
THERE WAS SOMETHING
ABOUT FRENCH FRIES.
BUT TO BE HONEST,
THE REST IS
ALL A BLUR.
OH, WAIT!
THERE WAS SOMETHING
ABOUT KETCHUP, TOO!
RIGHT?
WELL, IT LOOKS
LIKE THEY FOUND US.
THEY DID?
WAIT. WHO DID?
THE SOCIETY. THEY
MUST HAVE SENSED
YOUR POWER, JADEN.
THEY WANT IT!
JADEN, YOU ALONE
CAN SAVE OUR WORLDS,
FOR YOU HAVE A GIFT.
SAVE THE WORLD? SORRY.
BEEN THERE, DONE THAT!
I'M GONNA HAVE TO TAKE
A RAIN CHECK THIS TIME.
IF YOU FAIL
TO ACCOMPLISH
THIS MISSION
AND THEY WIN,
THEN LIFE, ALL LIFE,
WILL FADE AWAY!
WHAT IF I CAN'T?
WHAT IS THAT?!
WHY, THAT IS
YOUR NEXT DUEL.
NOW, GO OUT THERE
AND GET YOUR GAME ON!
WHAT?! BUT I DON'T
EVEN HAVE MY
DECK, DOLPHIN-BOY!
BESIDES, EVEN IF I
DID HAVE MY CARDS,
I CAN'T SEE 'EM.
SO WHAT'S THE POINT?
I KNOW. HOWEVER, HAVE
A LOOK OVER THERE.
YOU MIGHT HAVE MORE
LUCK WITH THOSE.
WAIT. WITH WHAT?
WHOA.
OH. BIG DEAL.
SO IT'S A PILE OF
SPACE JUNK.
WHAT'S THIS?
IS THIS WHAT I
THINK IT IS?
COOL.
REMEMBER, TRUE STRENGTH
ISN'T ABOUT WINNING.
IT'S ABOUT GETTING
BACK UP WHEN YOU
FALL DOWN.
HUH? WHERE DID YOU HEAR
ALL THAT BALONEY?
A FORTUNE COOKIE?
YOU ONCE LOVED DUELING
WITH ALL YOUR HEART.
TELL ME, WHAT
HAPPENED TO YOU?
I LOST.
THEN PERHAPS
THIS IS YOUR CHANCE
TO START OVER.
ALL RIGHT.
I GUESS IT'S TIME,
TIME THAT JADEN GOT
BACK IN THE GAME!
SWEET. JUST LIKE
BACK HOME.
OF COURSE! WHAT DID
YOU EXPECT?
HUMANOID
OPPONENT IDENTIFIED.
JADEN YUKI.
YOU KNOW IT.
LET'S DO THIS!
Aquos: GOOD LUCK, JADEN.
THE UNIVERSE IS COUNTING ON YOU!
Society of Light member:
COMMENCE DUELING COMPETITION.
WISH ME LUCK.
NOW...
MY CARD! I CAN SEE IT!
IT LOOKS FAMILIAR.
TIME-OUT!
I GOTTA CHECK
ON SOMETHING!
THIS ISN'T SPACE JUNK!
IT'S A KAIBA CORP SATELLITE!
Seto Kaiba:
ATTENTION, ALL DUELISTS!
MY COMPANY WILL BE HOSTING
A GLOBAL COMPETITION.
ANYONE WHO THINKS THEY'VE
GOT WHAT IT TAKES CAN ENTER.
JUST CREATE A DESIGN
FOR A NEW CARD.
THEN MAIL YOUR SUBMISSION
TO THE KAIBA CORPORATION.
WINNERS WILL BE
HAND-PICKED BY ME.
THEN YOUR CARDS WILL
BE LAUNCHED INTO SPACE
ON A KAIBA CORP SATELLITE,
'CAUSE I FIGURE IF THERE IS
INTELLIGENT LIFE OUT THERE...
THEN LET'S TEACH 'EM
HOW TO DUEL!
HA HA HA HA!
THIS IS
GONNA BE SWEET!
Jaden, voice-over:
I SPENT MONTHS
DESIGNING MY OWN CARDS!
I DREW EVERY MONSTER
I EVER WANTED!
COME TO THINK OF IT, IT'S
THE ONLY HOMEWORK I EVER DID.
OH. I GUESS I WON THE CONTEST.
SO THESE ARE
THE CARDS I DESIGNED!
AND THE BEST PART IS,
I CAN ACTUALLY SEE 'EM!
CORRECT. THE PROPHESY OF
MY PEOPLE HAS COME TO PASS.
YOU MUST DEFEAT
THIS ANDROID IN A DUEL.
THE FATE OF THE UNIVERSE
NOW RESTS WITH YOU.
OH, DEAR.
THAT'S QUITE A LOT
OF PRESSURE, ISN'T IT?
DON'T MESS UP.
BATTLE MUST COMMENCE.
LIGHT MUST CONSUME
ALL MATTER.
HEY! DON'T GO STARTING
WITHOUT ME, CHROME DOME!
ACKNOWLEDGED:
CARBON-BASED BACTERIA.
YOU SHALL BE THE FIRST
OF MANY ORGANISMS
TO BE SCRUBBED
FROM MY HARD DRIVE.
UH, DO YOU COME WITH
A TRANSLATION BUTTON?
WHATEVER. I SUMMON
MY CHRYSALIS DOLPHIN!
YOUR TURN, OIL STAIN!
NEGATIVE.
NO LEAKAGE DETECTED.
NOW TRANSPORTING TWO
CARDS TO GRAVEYARD
TO SUMMON CANDELATO,
THE BEAST OF LIGHT!
HE'S ALL BARK
AND NO BITE!
COME ON! NOT
ONE ATTACK POINT?!
NEGATIVE, YOU CONTAMINATED
PROTEIN STRAIN.
CANDELATO AMASSES 1,000
ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS
FOR EACH CARD I HOLD.
COMPUTATION COMPLETE.
TOTAL ATTACK
POINTS ACCRUED--
3,000.
OH.
REGULATION 44.6,
SUBSECTION C,
PARAGRAPH TWO.
CANDELATO CANNOT ATTACK ON
THE TURN IT WAS SUMMONED.
YOUR MOVE.
IT'S ABOUT TIME,
MOTOR MOUTH!
I PLAY DANDELION
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[CANDELATO GROWLS]
Jaden, thinking:
I TOTALLY REMEMBER
MAKING THESE MONSTERS UP!
DOLPHIN AND DANDELION
WERE MY FAVORITES!
WHO KNEW THEY'D ACTUALLY
BECOME REAL CARDS?
THAT'S IT!
I WAS SO BUSY FEELING
SORRY FOR MYSELF,
I FORGOT WHY I STARTED
DUELING IN THE FIRST PLACE--
TO HAVE FUN!
SO ITS TIME TO STOP
MOPING AND START
GETTING MY GAME ON!
WELL, SPARKPLUG,
I'M WAITING!
YOU ARE AT A TACTICAL
DISADVANTAGE, HUMANOID.
ALL RIGHT. FINE!
THEN COME AND GET ME!
SYNTAX ILLOGICAL.
PROBABILITY OF
VICTORY: 99.8%.
NOT QUITE.
'CAUSE THANKS
TO YOUR MONSTER,
YOU'RE NOT
ALLOWED TO DRAW
A SINGLE CARD!
RECALCULATING PROBABILITY
OF VICTORY. 99.7%.
CANDELATO, ATTACK.
PRISM BLAST!
YOU FORGOT ONE THING--
MY MONSTER'S EFFECT!
WHENEVER MY DANDELION'S
DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
I GET THESE GUYS--
TWO FLUFF TOKENS
IN DEFENSE!
DOES NOT COMPUTE.
"FLUFF TOKEN" NOT FOUND
IN MONSTER DATABASE.
THAT'S TOO BAD. MY TURN!
FIRST, I ACTIVATE
POT OF GREED!
SO I'LL BE DRAWING
TWO MORE CARDS...
THEN I PLAY THIS--
MY CONTACT SPELL!
EXPLANATION NEEDED.
PIECE OF CAKE. I TAKE
MY CHRYSALIS,
SEND IT TO
THE GRAVEYARD,
AND PRESTO CHANGO,
A TOTALLY NEW
MONSTER APPEARS--
ONE THAT'S EVEN STRONGER!
SO SAY GOOD-BYE TO MY CHRYSALIS
AND HELLO TO THIS BAD BOY...
NEO-SPACIAN AQUA DOLPHIN!
SHOWTIME!
LIKE HIM? I HOPE SO,
'CAUSE HE'S PRETTY TOUGH
FOR A FISH IN SPANDEX!
I'M A MAMMAL,
NOT A FISH.
AND HE'S NOT
THE ONLY COSMIC CREATURE
ABOUT TO KICK YOUR CAN,
'CAUSE YOU REMEMBER
MY FLUFF TOKENS, RIGHT?
WELL, I'M DITCHIN'
'EM TO SUMMON THIS!
SCRAP HEAP, MEET MY
NEWEST ELEMENTAL HERO--
ELEMENTAL HERO NEOS!
JADEN IS BACK IN ACTION!
AND 'LL TELL YA,
IT FEELS GREAT TO BE
DUELIN' AGAIN, FOLKS.
YA KNOW WHAT?
I HAVEN'T BEEN THIS
EXCITED TO THROW DOWN
SINCE I WAS A KID!
EMOTIONS ARE ILLOGICAL.
PROCEED WITH YOUR MOVE.
FINE. I'LL USE
AQUA DOLPHIN'S
SPECIAL EFFECT.
BY GETTING RID
OF ONE CARD,
I GET TO SNEAK
A PEEK OF YOUR HAND
AND CHOOSE ONE
OF YOUR MONSTERS.
AND IF ONE
OF MY GUYS,
LIKE,
HMM, SAY,
ELEMENTAL
HERO NEOS...
HAS MORE ATTACK POINTS,
IT'S ADIOS.
AND THEN YOU LOSE
500 POINTS!
SONAR WAVE!
ONLY 1,200 POINTS?
SORRY, DUDE. ADIOS.
AND DON'T FORGET,
WITH ONE CARD MISSING,
CANDELATO
LOSES
A THOUSAND
OF ITS ATTACK
POINTS.
NOW LET'S
TRY THAT AGAIN!
AQUOS,
SONAR WAVE!
NOT GONNA CUT IT!
ALL RIGHT, AS
THEY SAY, THIRD
TIME'S THE CHARM!
SORRY, METAL HEAD,
BUT NO DICE!
NEOS, TURN HIM
INTO SCRAP METAL!
ATTACK!
PUT HIM AWAY WITH
COSMIC CRUSH.
TELL YOUR BOSS
THAT JADEN'S BACK!
Society of Light member:
SYSTEMATIC MALFUNCTION!
WELL, THAT WAS FUN. GUESS
WE SAVED THE UNIVERSE.
I WISH IT WERE THAT
SIMPLE, MY FRIEND.
THIS WAS
BUT ONE BATTLE.
I'M AFRAID MANY
MORE STRUGGLES
WILL FOLLOW.
THEY WILL?
OF COURSE.
YOU SEE, WE HERE IN
NEO-SPACE HAVE BEEN
WAITING FOR YOU.
YOUR VISIT WAS
PREDICTED EONS AGO.
AND NOW YOU'RE
HERE TO RESTORE
BALANCE AGAIN
BY STOPPING
THE SOCIETY
OF LIGHT.
[CHATTERING]
THAT'S "GOOD LUCK"
IN DOLPHIN.
HA HA! YOU,
TOO, BRO! HUH?
AQUOS? I'M BACK
AT DUEL ACADEMY!
I GUESS IT WAS
ALL A DREAM.
IT HAD TO BE.
I MEAN, COME ON!
ALIEN DOLPHINS?
BUT DREAM OR NO DREAM, THAT
WAS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED.
IT REMINDED ME OF
WHY I STARTED DUELING
AND WHY GETTING STRANDED
AT SEA WITHOUT EATING
FIRST IS A BAD IDEA.
[DOLPHINS CHATTERING]
AQUOS?
NO WAY!
MY DECK, IT
WASN'T A DREAM.
OF COURSE NOT.
YOU HUMANS ARE SO
DIFFICULT TO CONVINCE.
YOUR NEW DECK
IS INFUSED WITH
THE POWER OF NEO-SPACE.
AND AS LONG AS YOU
HAVE IT, I SHALL
BE WITH YOU
AS YOUR ALLY
AND AS YOUR FRIEND.
Jaden, thinking:
THANKS, AQUOS,
FOR EVERYTHING.
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET ♪
♪ YOUR GAME ON ♪